Migrate docs to the new kyma cli (#1542)
kyma-project/serverless: docs/user/tutorials/01-10-create-inline-function.md

    code .
    ```

    It's time to inspect the code and the `handler.js` and the `package.json` files. Feel free to adjust the "Hello World" sample code.

4. Deploy and verify.

>     a. Call the `create` command from the workspace folder. It will build the container and run it on the Kyma runtime pointed by your current KUBECONFIG file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    a. Call the `create` command from the workspace folder. It builds the container and runs it on the Kyma runtime pointed by your current KUBECONFIG file:
```
